# **Emerging Technologies in Education - LET UniOulu**



###### **Laura Giovenardi Goretti**



Application developed through vibe-coding to teach currents and global marine ecosystems through a magic bubble, creativity, and AI-generated responses to the player's questions. The intended audience is children 7-10 years old. There is still a lot to be improved, but the basics are there! Available for PC and mobile devices :)



The main activity is to write a message with any questions you wonder about the ocean and the currents. After you write it, it will be packed into a magic bubble that floats with an ocean current of your choice. To choose the current, you can spin the globe with your mouse (dragging on pc) or fingers (mobile device). You can also zoom in and out (rolling the scroll wheel of the mouse on your pc) or using two fingers moving apart or closing (mobile devices).



Find the "start point" of the current to launch your bubble. On the bubble's journey, observe different animals and at what depth they're found, speed of the current, luminosity in the water, and weather factors changing. Once the bubble arrives, you will get a response to your questions generated by Gemini AI + fun facts about the current and the destination! After you learn more, try again with different currents and more questions to explore our marvelous ocean!



Please access the app via this following link that will redirect you to the website with the application published: https://ocean-odyssey-the-magic-bubble-240405864416.us-west1.run.app/



(***you can also copy and paste it on your browser if it is not clickable***)

